Welcome to the Ocean Studio here of the
Yahowah Blog.
We're going to return to our series
devoted to Dowd, the Messiah,
the returning King, our Savior,
the very Son of God,
as God delineates all of these attributes
to him in this marvelous song that was
written four years after his first life
ended.
And
thousand years before his second would
begin or his third which will be um
now less than eight years away uh three
thousand years from the time this song was
written uh if you joined us ever so
briefly for our last program we have a
uh we had a bit of a glitch
and the options are uh we can blame
it on rich our our producer but it's
not his fault
We can blame it on me,
and I misclicked our mighty mouse.
In this case, that's a possibility.
You could blame it on the Internet having
a glitch, but not in this case.
Or StreamYard,
whom we use to live stream these programs.
But this handsome fellow right here,
I think he may have put a paw
on something.
Whether it was his tail on the keyboard
of the laptop we're using or his paw
on the mouse.
Methinks we have found the culprit.
But he doesn't seem to be too stressed
out over it.
All right,
the reason I didn't want to continue
without having...
our computer up is that I like to
actually read what God had to say.
I've took enormous effort and creating an
amplified translation from the oldest
extant manuscripts,
typically the Dead Sea Scrolls when
they're available in the text and they are
available on this occasion and stripping
every word of its rabbinic diacritical
markings so that we can have as
Pure and access unfiltered proximity to
God's truth as is possible.
And in this glorious song,
it's important because the words of this
song destroy Judaism and Christianity.
Imagine that there is a psalm,
the eighty ninth in the what's called the
Old Testament.
It would be the the Towrah,
the writings and the prophets.
that actually negates the basis of Judaism
and Christianity.
And I say that because God says that
the Messiah is God.
God says that the son of God is
God.
God says that our savior for having
enabled the benefits of the covenant,
is Dowd.
God says that the chosen one is Dowd.
God said that the one who will be
returning with him is Dowd.
God says that the one who will be
Elyown,
the very presence and influence of God in
our world, men beside Yahowah, is Dowd.
He'd be the closest thing to
to God our world has ever seen.
It says that the very seat of honor
of Dowd,
which is the mercy seat of the Ark
of the Covenant,
will be as brilliant as the sun upon
Dowd's return with Yahowah,
which will be on Yom Kipurym in twenty
thirty three.
So every one of these statements negate
the basis of Judaism that awaits an
unnamed Messiah to somehow save them while
denigrating Dowd.
And, of course,
it destroys Christianity because they
simply replaced all the promises that God
made to Dowd David with their mythical
creation known as Jesus Christ.
So.
The text reads as we move forward,
his offspring and that which he sowed,
speaking of Dowd, his descendants,
his posterity and his family, his seed,
and that which he propagates by having
planted, will exist and endure forever.
That means that Dowd is exceedingly
important.
Everything that he wrote,
everything that he did was planting a seed
for our eternity.
His place of honor, his dignity,
and his authority, his very throne,
will be as brilliant as the sun before
me.
Ms.
Moore, eighty-nine, thirty-six.
This last statement is an ode to the
opening chapter of the Towrah,
where in Bare'syth one says,
Yahowah addresses the fourth day by not
acknowledging anything that was created
but prophetically speaking of the greater
and lesser luminary and he presents the
greater luminary in the role of the sun
uh and saying very much as he has
said right here and that
he his brilliance will be reflected by the
lesser luminary metaphorically the moon
which is going to be the next statement
that god's going to reveal
and how they would work in harmony to
serve as signs of the Mowedym.
The Mowedym are Pisach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym,
which Dowd fulfilled in thirty-three CE,
in his second of three lives.
Shabuwah and Taruwah,
which the lesser luminary, Yada,
will fulfill here in the next year,
and then again.
in seven and a half years from now,
along with Kipurym,
which is the day that Dowd returns with
his seat of honor as brilliant as the
sun,
such that we can enter the thousand-year
celebration of Sukah as we return to the
garden and work collaboratively.
It goes on to say, similar to,
in the manner of the moon,
he is established.
forevermore.
It would take the Lesser Luminary,
metaphorically the Moon,
to reestablish Dowd's credentials so that
we would know that he, in fact,
was the one who fulfilled this spring
Miqra'ey in thirty-three CE,
just as he foretold,
that he was the one,
as he explained in the twenty-second
Mizmowr, that was crucified,
not the mythical Jesus.
He was the one that carried our guilt
into Sheowl, never to be seen again.
and so it is the moon who establishes
re-establishes uh Down's credibility uh
for us all to appreciate for us to
benefit from for us to know how god
went about accomplishing all of these
things for us and and it is this
relationship between the greater and
lesser luminary that is going to exist
forever more.
And this means that the greater and lesser
luminary,
after fulfilling the Mowedym together,
will serve Yahowah's interests thereafter
and serve and help and benefit his people.
This is an eternal promise from our God.
They will serve,
and the moon in particular,
will serve as an enduring and reliable,
truthful and dependable witness.
Amon means that he will be verifiable and
confident,
trustworthy and loyal as a witness,
providing restoring testimony on behalf of
Dowd.
and on behalf of Yahowah and his people.
And this will occur in the universe in
space time.
Amazing prophecy, is it not?
So God says,
pause now and consider what you have just
read.
Psalm eighty nine thirty seven.
Wow.
So,
Dowd has articulated and he has
accomplished something remarkable in that
he volunteered to fulfill the spring
Miqra'ey,
becoming the Passover lamb in thirty-three
CE,
taking our guilt with his nephesh soul
into Sheowl the next day on Matsah,
and thereby enabling the promises of
Bikuwrym.
And it is his herald,
the moon reflecting his light,
if you will,
who is serving forevermore to restore
Dowd's dignity and to work on his behalf
thereafter.
i hope that buzzing sound behind us is
not overwhelmingly loud because that is
actually one of our guys that is cutting
weeds and not paying attention to what
we're doing up here quite frustrating
because he can obviously notice the lights
and stop making that noise directly below
where i'm sitting anyway we're going to
endure we will continue to do this no
matter the distractions no matter the
level of frustrations and
Our purpose is to work in harmony,
to serve me, to serve Dowd,
Dowd to serve Yahowah,
both of us to serve God's people.
So Dowd is not only Yahowah's most enduring
and reliable witness,
he is also the most readily verified
source of restoring testimony.
It is a role that he has carried
out so well over the years,
and it's something that he,
working with his herald, will continue.
throughout all space-time.
That is why this relationship is
designated as cooperative,
as they are similar to one another,
working together in the universe,
not just on this planet,
all conveying the Almighty's light,
doing as the
Fourth day of creation actually states,
which is to serve as signs for the
Mowedym, Pesach, Matsah, Bikuwrym, Shabuwah,
Taruwah, Kipurym, and Sukah.
Based on this, of course,
Christians can take their Madonna and
child, her baby Jesus,
their dead God on a stick and their
second coming and stick them where the sun
don't shine because they do not belong in
Yah's world.
And as for the Haredi and their
horrifically morbid mourning clothes,
they are perfectly suited for
to continue worshiping dead rabbis while
giving lip service to a Hashem that they
have created in their own image and by
their own testimony,
bringing God down to earth,
being one of them, you know.
The Towrah they have replaced calls them
out and tells them that they are wrong
about everything.
As for the enlightened, the informed,
the rational, the reasonable,
there is the second and third of Dowd's
lives.
And also now we are completing the second
third of Dowd's song,
God's Ode to His Beloved.
One day, son,
I hope you will join me and the
Covenant family when singing this to our
King.
it reads as such i will place my
hand into the sea and my right side
adjacent to the flowing waters that was ms
more eighty nine twenty five as we review
the adversary will not outwit or nullify
him never negating his value or annulling
his purpose and the son of evil that
would be paul of the christian new
testament
will not deny him or denigrate him,
because he will have no viable answer for
him.
And so I will pulverize, encrush,
vanquish, and incarcerate his foes,
especially those who seek to constrain and
restrict him.
Then out of his presence I will plague
those who shun him by attempting to
decrease his status."
That would be both Christianity and
Judaism,
showing that God is opposed to both.
Therefore,
my steadfast commitment to the truth and
my unwavering love, determined devotion,
and enduring favoritism are with him.
In my name.
His light will radiate and enlighten and
his brilliant horn,
symbolic of his status and strength and
his role as the protective ram among the
sheep during Pesach and Taruwah,
will be lifted up,
raised on high and exalted.
He himself will call out to me and
he will welcome me, announcing,
you are my father.
yes that is in those voice you are
my father and then in Yahowah's voice i
also will bestow him as a gift appointing
and making him Bakowr ani my firstborn son
as Elyown as almighty god
as the very influence of God,
the highest and uppermost in comparison to
the kings and rulers of the earth.
Boy,
that sure is a death blow to Christianity
and Judaism,
at least among the informed and rational,
which would preclude the faithful of
Christianity and Islam and, of course,
Judaism.
For all eternity,
I will keep watch over him,
paying very close attention to him,
focusing on him.
So I guess Paul lied and Peter did
as well when they said that God was
dead and buried and rotting in his grave,
excluded from heaven.
So they were free to steal whatever God
said about him and give it to their
myth of Jesus Christ.
But I guess that's not possible.
based upon God's most recent statement,
or the fact that Yahowah was calling Dowd
Elyown, Almighty God,
or that he was calling Dowd his firstborn
son.
These are serious problems for
Christianity and Judaism, are they not?
They're lethal problems.
My unwavering love,
my unrelenting devotion,
my enduring affection,
in addition to my family-oriented
covenant,
are truthfully presented and reliably
established, verified,
and enduring through him.
You want to see what the covenant is
all about?
Look at Yahowah's relationship with Dowd.
And without the covenant,
there is no eternal life.
Without the covenant,
There is no salvation.
there is no access to Yahowah.
Without the covenant,
there is no inheritance.
With the covenant,
all of those things are true.
Dowd is the exemplar.
The very thing that God cares most about
is what Dowd represents.
And I will establish his seed in that
which he sows, especially his offspring,
as an eternal witness forever.
And his throne,
his position of dignity and authority,
will be equated to the days of heaven,
where time is everlasting.
However,
if his children continue to forsake,
to ignore, to neglect, or reject God,
my Towrah, my teaching and guidance,
continue to reject,
which means they were rejecting,
and they are continuing to reject now with
their Talmud.
They make a habit of failing to walk
according to my means to justly resolve
disputes and execute good judgment if they
perpetually view my clearly communicated
prescriptions for living with contempt.
And further,
if they consistently fail to observe the
instructive terms of the relationship,
then I will hold them accountable.
with the full measure of their religious
rebellion and their popular political
revolt.
The consequence of their deviation from
the way and of their wrongdoing will be
a pestilence and it will cause widespread
death.
Accordingly, my unwavering love,
God repeats because it's important that we
know this is how he views.
This is the kind of relationship he had
with his son, our Messiah and King,
our Savior.
Accordingly, my unwavering love,
my enduring devotion,
my unmitigated favoritism, affection,
and generosity, I will never revoke,
disassociate, or remove from him,
nor withdraw from being with him.
Well,
that means he's not going to be replaced
as king.
That means he's not going to be replaced
as son of God.
as our savior.
That means that no one is going to
replace him as the Messiah.
I will never, God says,
betray who I am by communicating something
which is misleading or unique.
Nor will I ever contradict or undermine my
steadfast commitment to uphold the truth
and remain accurate and reliable.
Ms.
Moore, eighty nine thirty three.
And with that line.
can throw away your talmud zohar new
testament and quran should you have any of
those god's not changing he said enough
and what he says is true and it
is not going to be altered in any
way for these contrarian books to be
accurate god would have to be capricious
he would have to be
Non-trustworthy,
untrustworthy gods are not very good.
They're pretty much useless.
Why the whole myth of Jesus is so
absurd.
It's why Allah claiming that he was the
God of the Towrah is so ridiculous because
their messages were the antithesis of one
another.
A God that contradicts himself and
undermines God.
What he has said cannot be true,
isn't worth knowing.
And of course,
the religions that contradict him claim
that he inspired them,
which is a rational fallacy.
I will never dishonor or betray,
nor will I create loopholes which alter my
covenant.
There cannot be a new covenant.
There cannot be a covenant with Judaism or
with Christians.
God is never going to betray,
create loopholes in,
or alter in any way his Berythani,
which he says is my covenant family.
Nor will I ever amend, disguise,
or change, rearrange, modify,
or duplicate that which has gone forth
from my lips."
God is telling you in uncertain terms.
There cannot be a new covenant,
therefore a New Testament.
He is telling you an absolute irrefutable
testimony that the arguments rabbis made
in their Talmud do not come from him
and that God despises the Talmud,
the Zohar, the New Testament,
and the Quran.
And then he says this,
and with this words,
we end any possibility that there could
have been a Jesus,
that there could have been a Bar Kokhba,
that there could be a Muhammad,
an association with God.
Each had.
There is only one to whom I have
declared the truth.
By having made a promise,
thereby validating my commitment,
which will be affirmed seven times by
Kodeshane, my uniquely set-apart nature.
If not to, through, and regarding Dowd,
I am delusional,
and I will be proven a liar.
One line.
Completely obliterates any possibility of
a Jesus Christ.
It says there's one that Yahowah has made
a promise to.
Regarding all of these things that he has
already said, like my firstborn son.
Like my Messiah, like the King,
like the one who is returning such that
his seat of honor is as brilliant as
the sun.
The one who is the exemplar of the
covenant,
the one who enabled the benefits of the
covenant acting as our savior.
It's to Dowd it's to David.
To say anything else, to claim a Jesus,
to claim a Bar Kokhba,
as the founder of rabbinic Judaism did,
Akiba, is to call God a liar.
And that's why I say that the Talmud
is a lie.
God hates it.
That's why the New Testament is a lie.
God hates the New Testament.
That's why the Quran is rubbish.
God despises it.
And for anyone of you who is a
practitioner of Judaism, Christianity,
or Islam,
by not recognizing everything that Yahowah
has said of Dowd in this psalm,
you are calling God a liar.
That's a really bad decision.
And everything that God said here,
that Dowd is his son,
that he is his father,
that he is the Messiah,
that he is the returning king,
that he is the one that enabled the
benefits of the covenant,
that he is the chosen one,
that he is the exemplar of the family
God is establishing,
that his seat of honor is returning as
brilliant as the sun, that he is Elyown,
the manifestation of God's power and
influence.
If you are informed, which you should be,
this is God speaking,
and you are rational,
which is highly advisable,
you must abandon the rabbis in Judaism,
the pastors, the priests in Christianity,
disown any association with the myth of
Jesus, or Bar Kokhba, the Haredi,
All of it, a Catholic church, goodbye.
You can't get past this verse.
His offspring and that which he sows will
exist and endure forever,
and his place of honor,
his dignity and authority,
as well as his adornment,
will be as brilliant as the sun before
me, as my conspicuous counterpart.
Similar to the moon, he is established,
appointed,
and set in place and trusted forevermore
throughout time,
while serving as an enduring, reliable,
truthful,
and dependable witness and source of
restoring testimony in the universe,
in space-time, for laughter and for play.
Pause now and contemplate what you have
just heard.
Mizmowr 89:37
Israel, there is...
No plea, more impassioned.
No invitation, more vital.
No person, more beneficial.
The Zarowa, the sacrificial lamb,
is calling you home.
And God has just negated Judaism.
He is also giving you the tool that
you needed.
Two thousand years ago.
To negate.
The lies of Jesus Christ.
That became so vicious towards you.
Demonizing and dehumanizing you.
Causing the conditions.
Not only of the diaspora.
But of the Holocaust.
You had the answer.
You chose to ignore it.
You're still ignoring it.
At long last,
we have reached the transition from
benefit to consequence within the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
This is the portion of Dodesong that was
alluded to in Second Samuel seven,
when Yahowah predicted that his people
would deny and denigrate the very Son of
God and the Messiah,
which they have and continue to do.
After all of these years of trying,
we have finally come to understand this
most intriguing of prophecies.
And prior to this time,
we were ill-equipped to process what
follows.
But now,
if I may restate the assessment presented
at the conclusion of our review of
Yahowah's prophetic pronouncement to Dowd,
I think we'll see what follows more
clearly.
Dowd exemplifies
and enables, represents,
and designates far more than just one
individual man.
Yet even more than Jacob,
Dowd actually is Yisrael.
The promises made to him were made to
them.
from being the children of God and heirs
to the covenant to being recipients of the
land.
His joys and his heartaches,
his ongoing battles with the Gowym,
his insights and confusion,
the benefits he enjoyed in concert with
the covenant and the consequences he
endured when he ran afoul of it are
all shared by the nation he shepherded.
But they're also all rectified by his
actions regarding them.
It was in concert with Dowd representing
Yisrael,
and of Yisrael's contribution to annulling
the truth that we have just considered,
that these words were prophetically
inscribed in parallel with Second Samuel
seven.
After all, it is Yisrael that has,
and the text reads,
but now you yourselves
have refused to accept,
creating a foul stench by snubbing,
such that you have rejected by diminishing
the merit of,
even spurning over time by repudiating the
essence of,
improperly and on your own initiative,
meddling while presumptuously passing
over.
Atah Mashyach.
You are Messiah.
And there it is.
This is the great crime committed by
Judaism.
This is the very thing that the first
rabbis did that would cost Israel the most
horrible two thousand years anyone could
possibly imagine.
Yes, Judaism did this to Jews.
It is the greatest enemy of Jews ever.
It is Judaism that created this foul
stench because they have refused to accept
the Messiah that Yahowah designated,
the one that he himself anointed, God.
So you yourselves have refused to accept
creating a foul stench by snubbing,
such that you have rejected,
diminishing the merit of even spurning
over time by repudiating the essence of
improperly and on your own initiative
meddling while presumptively passing over
your Messiah.
Dowd is the Messiah of Israel.
Dowd is the Messiah of Yahowah.
Dowd is the Messiah of the world and
Israel.
You snubbed him.
And by snubbing him,
you created the opportunity for Jesus
Christ, the lie, the myth,
the counterfeit,
the product of identity theft.
You made all of this possible because you
were oblivious.
It's obvious when reading the Towrah.
It's obvious when reading the prophets.
It's obvious when reading the Psalms.
Dowd is the Messiah.
Dowd is our savior.
Dowd is the one in a second
of three lives that fulfilled Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
It's obvious.
It is irrefutable.
And it said right here that your foul
stench before Yahowah, the reason God says,
I'm divorcing you,
is because you did this to his beloved
son.
It's not just your messiah.
He's the son of God and you repudiated
him.
You are still repudiating him.
Why?
And when it's pointed out how belligerent
you have been,
how obnoxious you have been,
how wholly ignorant of God's assessment
you have been,
all you do is you tongue lash back.
You condemn and besmirch the messenger
telling you the truth,
just as you did to Moshe.
Just as you did to Yashayah.
Just as you did to Dowd.
Just as you did to Shamuw’el.
Just as you're doing to me.
It's inexcusable, really.
It's appalling.
Disgusting.
We should all be speechless.
Other than to say that Yahowah's phrasing
and his timing are impeccable.
He has affirmed this profound truth so
many times and in so many ways.
Well,
it's befuddling that as few as one in
a million acknowledge Dowd or that five
billion Gowym bequeath the Greek variation
of this title upon another,
creating the mythos of a Jesus Christ.
After enduring two thousand years of
harassment,
for failing to accept Jesus as their
Messiah.
It turns out that they were right,
at least up to that point.
But now it's time to take the next
step and to recognize that ha Mashyach is
actually Dowd
that he is the son of God,
that he is your savior,
that he is your returning king,
that he is the chosen one.
That he's the exemplar of the covenant
that you have estranged yourself from for
having violated.
And he's returning and soon.
If you are descendant of Ya'aqob or Dowd,
please reflect upon this.
Almost everything religious and secular
Jews have claimed regarding David,
their anticipated Mashyach and the
fulfillment of the Mowedym is untrue.
It's upended.
It's incongruent.
Get with the program.
and embrace what Dowd represents,
and then accept the realization that he is
not only Hamasiach, the Messiah,
but also the very son of God who
served as the Pesach Ayil.
Don't pass him over in an ill-conceived
attempt to validate Judaism when Judaism
is your enemy.
I understand.
that Yahuwdym had been plagued over the
centuries by those who would believe Jesus
Christ, thinking that he was the Messiah,
or at least believing he was such,
because Christians blame Jews for killing
their mythological God.
The very idea of the Messiah being the
Son of God and fulfilling Pesach now is
disorienting to you because of the lies of
Christendom.
And while there never was any rational or
factual reason for a Messiah wannabe named
Jesus Christ,
no validity to the religion of
Christianity,
no justification for the New Testament,
which is a concoction of contradictions,
errant citations and rational fallacies,
or any credibility to calling oneself a
Christian,
There has been incalculable harm
perpetrated by these delusions.
And while that may have been the most
horrific and anti-Semitic fraud ever
perpetrated, the truth is sweet revenge.
Messiah was here.
He was the Son of God.
He is the Son of God.
He remains.
He is alive.
He not only fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
Bikuwrym,
One does not have to change his name,
append his identity,
make up prophecies to accept any one of
the many hundreds of statements which
foretold what he would achieve at this
moment in time.
There's upwards of five,
six hundred of them,
and they all are attributable to Dowd.
perhaps worse than removing Yahowah's name
some seven thousand times from his
testimony in the Towrah Naby wa Mizmowr
as rabbis have done,
and then Christians following them,
and replacing it with the adversary's
title, which is the Lord or Hashem.
What a shame.
This error in judgment and this lapse in
character has caused more harm to Yahuwdym,
Jews, than any other.
They ought not have been looking to the
future for a Messiah to save them when
he had already been here and been the
most prominent and productive man of their
past.
Down's name would not have to be changed
to jesus christ and christianity's new
testament would have been stillborn had
the actual identity and the purpose of
Yahowah's messiah been acknowledged by his
people two thousand years ago or anywhere
along that timeline and that it has been
conveyed by Yahowah let's affirm a
heartbreaking reality jews
have been and continue to be their own
worst enemy.
The hit pile stem modifying a bar by
improperly and on your own initiative
while meddling presumptively passing over
your Messiah proves it.
This uncommon stem reveals that the
religious have unjustifiably passed right
by him in antipathy.
somehow displeased with his affairs,
all while acting on their own initiative,
and thus not inspired by God.
Equally telling,
Abar is the basis of Pesach.
Did you know that?
It's the verbal root.
And thus Passover,
equating the rejection of the Messiah with
the foregoing and with the purpose of the
Miqra'ey.
On behalf of Yahuwdah and Yisrael,
even the Gowym who are listening,
accept and embraced the beloved Maseach
and Melech as your brother and as God's
son, even as your shepherd and king,
but especially as your savior,
your Yashayah.
Then listen to Yahowah's Bachar,
his chosen one, the Qodesh,
the set-apart one of Yisrael,
and concur with him,
because when it comes to God,
Dowd is right.
As for religious Jews,
it's a perplexing irony, of course,
wearing black and bobbing their heads up
and down as if to exorcise their demons.
They babble to their nameless G-D and
Minion minions facing a stone wall while
reciting Dowd's
Mizmowr from wrote only they would consider
what he had to say.
If only their heads weren't as hard as
the Edomites' wall.
Some of what they recite might actually
sink in and permeate,
penetrate their thick skulls.
But alas, it is not to be.
Dowd's, Mizmowr,
and Yahowah's tabar are for the
non-religious.
It would take a very long time
From this point, of course,
for Yahuwdym to hit rock bottom,
it's something that's going to happen over
the next seven years and nine months.
But it began quite some time ago.
The fall from Dowd was swift.
It was painful initially.
It began with Solomon capitulating to
accommodate the religious interests of his
scores and scores of wives and concubines.
reminding Israel of their fall and of the
religions they begot and those they
beguiled.
Yahowah declares,
you have repudiated and renounced the
covenant.
You have disavowed,
refusing to even acknowledge,
and you lack all respect for the covenant
with your coworker.
God began this psalm by calling Dowd his
co-worker.
Dowd is Yisrael.
He is your co-worker as well.
And because you have disavowed Dowd as the
Messiah, as the Son of God,
as the Chosen One, as the Savior,
as the Returning King,
as the one who exemplified the covenant
and enabled its benefits,
God says you have repudiated and renounced
the covenant.
This is field perfect.
You've caused this to happen at a point
in time with your coworker.
You have dishonored and defiled his
dedication to the land, earth, and world.
That's the saddest part of all for me.
is that Dowd was able to figure out
from the story of Abraham and Yitschaq
climbing Mount Moriah on Passover and
wondering where the lamb was going to be.
And then a discussion about firstborn
sons, the most beloved.
Yahowah intervened and said that he would
be providing the lamb.
When I read that,
I realized that was Dowd.
Dowd obviously came to the same
conclusion.
And when Dowd was told in second Samuel
seven,
that he was the very son of God,
which is what we have also seen reaffirmed
here.
He knew that it was his duty,
his opportunity to fulfill Passover as the
very lamb of God.
And then he realized that Jews had been
so repugnant towards Moshe,
that Moshe asked God to kill him because
Jews were impossible to be around.
They could not be led according to Moshe.
God agreed.
And so Dowd realized that the only way
that he has any chance of surviving the
bitterness of Jews was to do something
that they would have to respect because
there will be no one alive eight years
from now.
that isn't there expressly because Dowd
did this, that he fulfilled Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
and therefore he will earn everyone's
respect.
And he realized that two horrible days,
fulfilling Pesach and Matsah,
being crucified by the Romans,
that's his body,
and having his soul go into Sheowl,
would be greatly offset by an eternity of
respect so that he could actually lead
God's people forevermore.
And I'm here to tell you,
and I've just seen it affirmed
regarding the sacrifice that I've been
asked to provide as the Adamah Parah,
that Yahowah's Ruwach,
which God said would never leave Dowd,
was encapsulated around his nephesh soul
as his body fulfilled Pesach
and then it protected
dealing with the enormous anguish and
pressure of Sheowl, this black hole,
as he fulfilled Matsah.
It was Yahowah's Ruwach that shielded the
Down soul from the excruciating pain and
the anguish.
It was plenty gruesome for the world to
pay attention.
It was plenty horrific
to think of what Dowd was doing.
But by trusting Yahowah,
Yahowah showed his love for his son by
shielding his son from the anguish he took
the blows himself.
The same thing's gonna happen during the
fulfillment of Taruwah.
My guess is that Dowd's recollection of
this experience regarding it was sort of
like my own.
You say, you know,
I'm honored that you would trust me to
do this for your people.
I recognize the great benefit for
everyone.
And so I will do this and I
will do it enthusiastically.
You can rely on me.
Knowing that the beast that killed Dowd's
body on Passover and the one that will
bludgeon mine, it's actually Satan,
on Taruwah,
will make a bloody mess of things.
But it is now that I know that
Yahowah has a plan to shield my nephesh
from it,
just as he shielded Dowd's two thousand
years ago.
Well, anyway, so here we are.
God is saying that not only have you
renounced your Messiah and created quite a
stench as a result,
that you've also dishonored and defiled
his dedication to all that he achieved on
your behalf.
You have withdrawn from the covenant.
So when Dowd is renounced,
So are the Mowedym he fulfilled, Pesach,
Matsah, Bikuwrym, and will fulfill,
Kipurym, and Sukah.
When Dowd is repudiated,
so is the covenant he enabled.
When Dowd is dishonored,
the land which he was devoted and
protected suffers.
What I do not understand,
and I don't think he does either,
is with the conditions of his covenant so
liberating, uplifting really,
and with the benefits so enriching and
empowering,
and with him providing and proving that
his promises are reliable,
why disavow and replace what God is
offering with a Talmud or New Testament?
With Dowd so generous,
why disavow what he accomplished and
reject what he's offering?
What's the point other than to upset him,
to be belligerent as you were during the
Exodus?
Now, for those who may be protesting,
saying that they haven't repudiated Dowd
because they honor David by having chosen
to fly a flag emblazoned with his star,
I challenge this absurd assumption by
categorically stating that there never was
a star of David,
and David isn't even his name.
Creating a false caricature of a man in
this manner degrades his authentic nature.
A little explanation, of course,
may be helpful as we consider the next
statement.
The sheepfold whose walls have been torn
down represents barriers around the
covenant,
which were designed to keep the religious,
the political, and the conspiratorial,
as well as the ignorant, out.
Still speaking to the religious of Israel,
God says,
you have broken down and destroyed his
entire sheepfold.
And all of its walls you have caused
the undoing,
the degradation and the destruction of his
fortifications.
Psalm eighty nine forty.
Religion has been so bad or maybe I
should say has been so good at being
bad.
That there is this false presumption.
that God wants everyone to be part of
it when the fact of the matter is
he doesn't want anyone to be part of
it.
Nor does God want to save everyone.
In fact,
he wants to push most people away.
He's looking far more than creating a
large door
to enter the covenant,
he is far more interested in having
barricades and fortifications that keep
those who do not belong out.
And the reason for this is that if
God were to allow the religious and
political to live beyond this life and
have eternal life and access to heaven,
then heaven would be no different than all
of the disgusting,
massinations we witness here on earth.
And if it's no different, why bother?
So, God is trying to say, no.
Dowd established fortifications,
a defensive wall around this fulfillment
of Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
around the Beryth covenant.
And
According to God,
the religious tore those walls down.
So as a rebuke to every religion,
Yahowah has deliberately restricted access
to His covenant family,
effectively keeping the religious and the
political out.
Ignorant or averse to the five instructive
terms God set as His conditions for entry,
men like Akiba and Paul have sought to
annul the Almighty's intent
Well, projecting their own.
So let's be blunt.
The Garden of Eden had walls.
They were not there to keep Adam and
Chawah locked inside as if they were
prisoners,
but instead to keep the rest of humankind
out because they were religious,
they were political, they were vicious,
they were Hamas and did not belong.
The Gan Protective Garden Enclosure of
Eden, Great Joy, was as the name implies,
it was fun.
Because the cremudgeons were excluded.
And as was Eden, so will be Shamaym.
As was God's relationship with Dowd
so it will be with all of the
covenant's children.
And that is why this Mizmowr Psalm is
so vitally important.
Dowd, covenant, are integrated.
They're indistinguishable.
With the beloved upholding and
representing the family such that an
attack on him is an assault on the
Beryth.
All who pass by this way,
I plunder him.
They pillage and ransack him.
They loot him.
He has become scorned and abusively
ridiculed, defied and upbraided,
insulted and held in contempt,
even taunted and disgraced by those who
claim some affinity to him.
There's more lyrics to sing.
Psalm.
Eighty-nine, forty-one.
Claiming to have
and affinity with David is common.
His name appears in the New Testament,
in the Talmud, and in the Quran.
Similarly, Christians, Jews,
and Muslims with wholly contradictory
belief systems all claim to be Abrahamic
religions,
even though they denigrate Abraham's
legacy.
Alleging similar origins,
their gods share nothing in common.
Christians are particularly guilty.
lugging around an Old Testament with its
tribute to David,
with their revised one which plunders his
legacy.
They claim an affinity for the boy who
slew the giant and who sang the
twenty-third psalm,
not knowing that it is Yahowah for whose
namesake the song was written.
Then, of course,
and that they blame Jews for all of
their problems.
They must deny that he was the most
Yahuwd of all men.
Even in the Quran,
there's an entire surah that's devoted to
Dowd
The only problem is that this imposter was
a Muslim who worshiped Allah.
confronted with the Dead Sea Scroll
parchments,
memorializing this psalm a thousand years
before the religion was even invented.
I wonder how a literate Muslim would react
after seeing Yahowah's name,
rather than Allah's.
Many of those who passed this way
ransacked.
The covenant ridiculing everything Dowd
represents by taking it from him and
giving it to themselves or some cases to
others.
They jeopardize countless lives by
claiming an affinity with their covenant
and then advocating on behalf of their
lives in the New Testament Talmud or
Quran.
And sadly,
many of them have settled in proximity to
Israel.
Today,
we know them as practitioners of Judaism,
Christianity, and Islam.
So speaking of the religious,
whether they be pilgrims or refugees,
crusaders or jihadists, God says,
you have lifted up and exalted the upper
hand.
of his foes and adversaries,
especially those who try to constrain and
limit him.
You have caused those who demonstrate
animosity and rancor towards him to be
delighted.
What God is saying here is what I've
said to you all along.
If Jews
two thousand years ago,
had paid attention to this psalm,
which was written a thousand years prior
to that.
If they had read and paid any attention
to the twenty-second psalm,
the eighty-eighth,
any one of the first thirty-five,
our God acknowledges all of this.
The ninth chapter of Yashayah,
the fifty-third chapter of Yashayah,
all that say the same thing.
The Dowd is the Messiah.
He is the Son of God.
He is our Savior.
He is the Chosen One.
He is the exemplar of the covenant.
He is as close to God as anyone
will ever be.
His throne will be established
forevermore.
He is returning with Yahowah.
Had they paid any attention to any of
that?
Or to Yahowah's proclamation through Daniel
in the ninth chapter, where he,
as the Mashyach, speaking as Gabry'el,
God's most courageous and compassionate
man, capable man,
told us exactly the day that he would
fulfill Chag Matsah, to the very day.
It was so easy to get this right
that it had to be belligerence to get
it wrong.
And yet that's what they did.
by not recognizing what Dowd had said he
would accomplish,
by not capitalizing upon it,
by denying it,
they opened the door to the lie of
Jesus Christ.
And that lie would haunt them.
It would cause the shuttles and the
pogums, and it would cause the Holocaust.
It would rob them of everything.
And it was the same rabbis who used
their derogatory Talmud to sell Muhammad
the very stories that he twisted to create
the Quran, attributing to Allah.
And in so doing,
rabbis gave birth to both Christianity and
to Islam, Israel's two greatest menaces.
So there you have it.
Rabbis are the greatest foe.
of Jews in the history of the world.
Judaism is an enemy of God's people.
And by creating Judaism and lying about
it,
you have caused those who demonstrate
animosity and rancor towards the Messiah
and Son of God, your Savior,
to be delighted.
You have given the upper hand to his
foes and his adversaries who try to
constrain him and limit him,
bury him in the case of the Christian
New Testament.
Why would you be that stupid?
So God has made his point.
He, as you'd expect of any loving father,
is angry,
he is annoyed by what those who falsely
claim to speak for him have done to
denigrate his son and to diminish all he
has accomplished through him by fulfilling
Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym in his second of three lives.
It was Jews who gave the upper hand
to those who would later seek to destroy
them.
The foremost toxic belief systems were all
founded and abetted by Jews.
Judaism, Christianity,
Paul was trained as a rabbi.
He was the first to call himself a
rabbi.
He used what he learned in rabbinical
school to misquote God,
to take passages out of their context and
misrepresent them to create the opposite
impression.
And then Islam,
where the Quran literally is comprised of
Talmud readings, even Marxism,
which now is so vehemently opposed.
to Israel and to Yahuwdym.
By their failure to acknowledge that Dowd
was the Messiah and Son of God and
that he returned to fulfill Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym as he foretold,
Yahuwdym,
now referring to themselves as Jews,
opened the door for Christianity.
Through their denials,
they helped justify replacement foolology.
For Christians to differentiate themselves
and the religion from Yahowah and Dowd
from their Towrah and covenant,
enough to become popular with Greeks and
Romans, they would need a New Testament.
And yet for it to be believable,
it would have to borrow heavily from
Yahowah's testimony,
claiming his prophecies as their own.
Therefore,
the new religion proposed that it was
authorized by the same God.
and justified the same prophecies.
But how is that possible?
When one outcome is so contrary to the
other,
when every prophecy pertaining to what
would be accomplished by Dowd is
emblazoned with his name,
just as the case with this one.
The answer for Christianity beclaim
replacement theology will just lie.
This sleight of hand wasn't simply about
assigning the blessings and promises
offered by God for Jews to the Gentiles
or Israel to their church,
the very people who seek their
eradication.
It's about replacing one covenant with
another and then Yahowah and Dowd with
Jesus.
If you don't concur,
then do what I've done.
After scrutinizing Paul's renunciation of
Dowd for the sake of Jesus,
go to any Christian site and read their
assessment of every prophecy pertaining to
David.
You'll find that Jesus isn't named in a
single prophecy.
But every time Dowd's name appears,
Christians insist that it actually applies
to their Jesus,
as if God doesn't know the difference
between the two.
not aware of who he anointed,
doesn't know the name of his own son.
Of course, it's ludicrous,
but such is the nature of belief systems.
The problem for Christians was as simple
as it is profound.
Without the Towrah, prophets, and Psalms,
they have no God and no credibility.
But with them,
they present a jumble of contradictions
their only hope was for people to believe
their lies and for their faith to occlude
judgment they banked upon apathy and
ignorance and for the most part they got
it why because jews didn't pay attention
to what god had told them and became
far too enamored in what they were telling
one another
And yet today, at least for some,
there is a battle for the hearts and
souls raging throughout the world,
a struggle between right and wrong.
The loudest voices are those who claim
that they worship religious gods,
while the chorus of those who stand with
Dowd and speak for Yahowah is currently
faint among these billions.
This will be our concluding line to this
program,
and we'll pick up at this point tomorrow.
What's worse?
And adding to the resentment,
you are turned around again.
You pivoted Shuwb such that you're pointed
in the opposite direction,
having assaulted, besieged, bound up,
and constrained the rocky crag for his
battle for Choreb,
such that you do not stand with him
or support him.
in this conflict.
Wow.
There's more lyrics to sing,
Psalm eighty nine forty three.
Of course,
there's a plethora of tantalizing insights
in this statement,
beginning with the realization that aph's
primary connotation is to engender
resentment and wrath.
Those who continue to turn against Dowd
will endure the sting of his judgment and
of his father,
who just happens to be God.
course, also interesting,
while tsuwr is translated as the edge in
the Jewish Publications Society Holy
Scriptures according to the Masoretic
Text, it was scribed as a verb.
There was no definite article in the text,
and edge is not among tsuwr's meanings,
especially when it's presented as a noun.
Had it
been written as a noun our options would
have been rocky crag sharp flint or stone
and the call infinitive sure is not only
active but also intensifies the actual and
ongoing action of laying siege enclosing
binding and confusing in a hostile fashion
and as a verbal noun it can serve
as an actionable title
This makes perfect sense because the
perpetrators engendering Dowd's wrath
continue to be Jewish religious leaders
who have sought to constrain the Savior
Dowd by assaulting his achievements.
Further,
if we are to read rocky crag or
stone into this depiction woven into the
action of the verb,
then it was upon this rocky edifice that
Yahowah not only first revealed his fiery
light,
to Moshe,
and then the children of Yisrael upon
Mount Choreb,
where he would also reveal his Towrah.
But it is also my contention that Dowd's
song is the cornerstone of the covenant
home,
and that it was revealed in the Yowbel
year of three thousand years,
nine sixty-eight BCE,
four years into Solomon's reign,
as construction began on Yahowah's home.
And the Hebrew name for the mountain upon
which Yahowah introduced himself to Moshe
and then revealed the Towrah is Choreb.
Spelled the same way in the text,
it also serves as the Hebrew word for
dry and desolate, battle and conflict,
sword and chisel.
And while we can choose any definition
that works within this context,
we are prudent to include each.
that fit so as not to deprive the
listener of the full intent.
And of course, tsuwr,
is also the rocky crag,
the sharp crag named Craig,
which is Welsh for crag,
who is bringing this message to you.
In this case,
I see Dowd is standing between the two
mountains of God, Choreb and Moriah,
bringing the Towrah to the heart of the
land and fulfilling it in the city of
Dowd.
This is not only evident in the king's
marvelous dissertation of the Towrah
teaching in the hundred and nineteenth
Mizmowr,
but also by his serving as the Pesach
Ayil.
So there is a battle being waged for
the souls of human kind.
The religious are on one side,
father and son are on the other.
While Judaism and Christianity have
written Yahowah and Dowd,
Choreb and Moriah,
the Towrah and the Miqra'ey out of their
story,
father and son are battling to bring them
all back so that they garner Yisrael's
attention once again.
yes there has been a war of words
for the past three thousand years to dote
or not to dote it is the ultimate
question because where you stand with Dowd
characterizes where you stand with god
this war has often erupted in bloody
conflict
the two Assyrian and Babylonian conquests,
the two Roman wars against the tiny
province of Yahuwdah
the abuse Jews have suffered under Roman
Catholics during the Crusades and under
the Ottomans, by the whole of Europe,
by the Nazis and the Soviets,
and today by Islamic jihadists and
progressive Marxists,
all serving as proof that the world is
against Down and his people with the
exception of those who have come to know
Yahowah and his beloved son many through
the books that i have written that are
free in their entirety at YadaYah.com
YadaYah.com this remains true of everyone
else
So I thank you for listening.
We'll rejoin this story from the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
from our Ocean Studio, tomorrow.